SUP-377: Updating Docs to show Android Error Handling (#45)
AdaSupport/docs: ada-android-sdk.md

adaDialog.reset()
```

## Error Handling

> If the Webview fails to load within time (default is 30000 milliseconds) you may want to handle the error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Webview fails to load within the timeout period (default is 30000 milliseconds) you may want to handle this as an error. 
```

> You can set this up by setting `webViewLoadingErrorCallback` to `AdaEmbedView`. This function will be called if there

Reviewer: > You can set this up by setting `webViewLoadingErrorCallback` to `AdaEmbedView`.
is that how it is? AdaEmbedView doesn't seem to be a callable?

Author: I copied the description of how we describe how `zdChatterAuthCallback` is set since they are the same - maybe they should both be changed. Let me see if I can make this clearer.

Author: I think I've made this a bit clearer - the property is set on the actual class for use. Let me know if this is still confusing.

was an error loading the webview or if it didn't finish loading in the specified timeout period.

**Example:**
```kotlin
private fun logWebViewLoadError() {
    // Write any logic for the WebView not loading here
    Log.d("Webview Error", "Error Loading Webview")
}

adaView.webViewLoadingErrorCallback = { logWebViewLoadError() }
```

If you want to adjust the timeout length to trigger an error you can either specify this in your XML settings with the `app:ada_load_timeout` attribute:
```xml
<support.ada.embed.widget.AdaEmbedView
            android:id="@+id/xml_ada_view"
            android:layout_width="0dp"
            android:layout_height="400dp"
            app:ada_handle="@string/ada_handle_res"
            app:ada_load_timeout="30000"
            app:ada_language="en"
            app:ada_metaFields="@raw/metafields"
            app:layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf="parent"
            app:layout_constraintStart_toStartOf="parent"
            app:layout_constraintTop_toTopOf="parent" />
```

> Or as a setting as part of the AdaEmbedView Builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or as part of the AdaEmbedView builder
```

adaDialog.reset()
```

## Error Handling
If the Webview fails to load within the timeout period (default is 30000 milliseconds) you may want to handle this as an error. 
To do this you can set `webViewLoadingErrorCallback` by passing the callback to `AdaEmbedView` using a lambda expression to set the property. 

> This function will be called if there was an error loading the webview or if it didn't finish loading in the specified timeout period.

Reviewer 2: minor: we need to be consistent in style when referring to webview, Webview web view whenever in the text. I would suggest to use class name `WebView`.

Author: Done!
